Release: Gateway 3.4.3.10 (#7529)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

  * Bumped `curl` from 8.3.0 to 8.4.0
  * Bumped `nghttp2` from 1.56.0 to 1.57.0

## 3.4.3.10

> **Release Date** 2024/06/17

Author: ```suggestion
**Release Date** 2024/06/18
```

### Fixes
#### Admin API

_Backported from 3.7.0.0_
* The `/<workspace>/admins` endpoint was incorrectly used to return admins associated with a workspace based 

> on their assigned RBAC roles. It has been fixed to return admins according to the workspace they belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on their assigned RBAC roles. This has been fixed and now accurately returns admins according to their specific workspace associations.
```
